Vite related docs and changelog update (#1037)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/tutorials/todo-app/01-creating-new-project.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

Run the following command in your terminal to create a new Wasp project:
```shell
wasp new TodoApp
```
Enter the created directory and run:
```shell
cd TodoApp
wasp start
```
You have just run your app in the development mode!

:::note

> `wasp start` might take a little bit longer, due to the first-time setup.

Reviewer: I think the comma is wrong here:
```suggestion
`wasp start` might take a little bit longer due to the initial setup.
```

     height="400px"
/>

> We just set the foundations of our app! We don't have yet the features to show it, but Wasp has already generated for us the full front-end and back-end code of the app. Take a peek at `TodoApp/.wasp/out` if you are curious and see what it looks like!

Reviewer: There's a "want" missing before "see."

     style={{ border: "1px solid black" }}
/>

> Ok, the next step, some real Todo app features!

Reviewer: This sentence was already pretty weird, but the article makes it even weirder.
```suggestion
Ok, time to take the next step - implementing some real Todo app features!
```
